oh hello there I didn't see you what is
this
it's a Steadicam Wow is that the new
atom no Shogun Wow let's like play with
it or something like that
who's study chemist is so we're about to
do a test shoot today it's going to
involve some dancers out in the
wilderness somewhere we haven't quite
figured that out but I rigged this up in
a way that just kind of works with how
the atom on Shogun is working right now
there's some firmware upgrades to be
done the animal Shogun is cool because
it passes through both HDMI and SDI at
the same time I'm using that pass
through to then feed picture into my
monitor which is really cool but with
the current firmware when we shoot and
record in 4k the Shogun does not
downconvert so I have to rely on Shogun
screen to shoot if I don't want to spend
money on converters so for this shoot no
wireless video and that's no easy
Wireless follow focus use so we toss
those when we're recording 4k I can only
see video on a 7 s and on the Shogun
which is going to be kind of a ghetto
way of operating
additionally the lightweight Saudi
batteries that the Shogun uses only
lasts as long as the 40 year old virgin
did his first time so we needed a
different power solution we use the
clunky battery plate adapted for our V
lock batteries to power the Shogun so
being super bare-bones we just wanted to
see how well the footage turns out with
the semi sorta kinda maybe run-and-gun
setup that's going to be so interesting
we're featuring dancers Rihanna and
cheetah today with them doing some
amazing but oftentimes scary moves whoa
whoa
the very very first thing we noticed was
how poorly the screen does outdoors half
the time I couldn't see what the hell I
was doing
glare a lot of glare can you see what's
happening I don't know yeah you can't
see what's happening we just had to
trust the Shogun's exposure and focus
tools as well as channel the force the
custom animus Sun hood couldn't come
soon enough we kept on crossing our
fingers hoping that we'll actually see
something when we review the footage at
home and when we did it was fine a tad
bit underexposed but looked good keeping
our aperture close down to f9 or higher
we wanted to see how 4k looked in all
its glory on a 7 s and indeed it was
glorious so we're getting good stuff so
far it's just that um the glare and
everything in the fact that my monitor
isn't working down there is making it
hard to do Steadicam so when we switch
to 1080p for some overcranking the
Steadicam monitor finally worked
operating was then the way it should be
and we got some pretty nice shots one of
the things that we were kind of
struggling with was a touchscreen
because without individual buttons for
certain settings that kind of slowed us
down especially we were chasing the
light we shot most of the tests with
Cinna for gamma instead of s log2
because the Shogun didn't have a lot for
it just yet but we did do a couple of
shots using s log2 just because I know
all you guys will ask about it and just
because everybody wants to see it here's
a graded and ungraded clip you whiny
people
Wow we're back and I'm not sweaty at all
but I hope you enjoyed this video and we
will be releasing more videos testing
out the new firmware upgrades as they
come in
so stay subscribe so you get those right
away and we'll see you next time
excellent but you're not supposed to
follow me when I exit Dania Marcus